Jiangjiang's name is worth trillions of dollars
51% controlling stake
A little thought
I also ask Mr. Li to fulfill my sincerity
Miss Jiangnan
Are you mistaken?
He is just one of my Li family
Piss off Dongjie
Is the new heir to our Li Group
Yeah, you dare to question my vision
No no
Police lady, what does that mean?
You have eyes but not dragons
To offend Mr. Li is to offend my Jiang family
Miss Jiang, I don't agree
What do you have against?
Li Wushuang was originally the crown prince of the Li family
But he ran to the street to sell fried noodles
Lose face to our Li family
On the other hand, I supported the Li family with one hand
Become heir to the Lee family
young and promising
Why didn't you choose me or him?
What are you?
Dare to compare with Mr. Li
Miss Jiao
I want to do him justice who are you
I am the heroine of today's wedding
President of Tangmen Group
Miss Tang
Tang Aoxue, what do you want to say?
The second young master is right
He is indeed better than Li Wushuang
If not
Today was supposed to be my wedding to Li Wushuang
Why did I break up my marriage with him?
Re-elect the groom as the second young master
I think for example
Did you use some means?
I deceived you, Miss Jiang
He didn't lie to me.
It's you who are blind and can't recognize the real dragon